Update information around limitations in the README (#2387)
bluerobotics/cockpit: README.md

While Cockpit is a powerful and feature-rich ground control station, there are some current limitations to be aware of:

### 🚁 **Vehicle Support Gaps**

> - [**PX4 autopilots**]: Most of the codebase was written over the common MAVLink specification, which means most of the features should work with PX4 as well, but keep in mind the Core team is not actively testing on PX4 vehicles. If you're using Cockpit with PX4 and find something that is not working, please open an issue or a PR to solve the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**PX4 autopilots**]: Cockpit's MAVLink functionality is mostly generic, so it is expected that most available features will also work with PX4 autopilot firmware. That said, the core development team does not actively test with PX4 vehicles, so please open a documenting issue (or ideally a solving pull request) for any problems you encounter.
```
